Understand, you have nothing to do, so you can give me a blowjob.
Some people will say, but this, this is just something to talk about,
Could it be that your first master is too good?
If you were to make a fool of yourself in this world,
It was slightly healed and grayed out before and after,
But you can’t harm grandpa!
This is life-saving medicine
not poison
People say it is in front of their eyes
We are still here for a small change
What do you want to do?
Because I take you to live with me on weekdays
Why do you do it privately together?
That was also the case before this kind of thing came out
Once again, you are convinced, don’t you believe me?
Believe me, I know you too well to tell you
Mrs. Youbei
Just because you don’t believe me, I’ll give you a hundred and fifty.
But this time it really does
Xushandan
Impossible
I'm sorry, Mrs. Youbei
Am I right or not?
Mrs. Youbei is a sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry poem industry
When will Cidu change the phone?
What's your problem?
It was not a good year
Nothing else can be done without
You still favor him at this time?
There is no such thing as nothing, so oh
It’s really impossible to give karma
sour point to industry